# AS-Officer-Career-Perks-and-salary
 Summary: After Clearing the IAS Examination, you'll get several edges thus known as as Perks given to Civil Servants as per the ALL India Civil Services norms. Being an IAS officer you'll tend the Roles and Responsibilities that Involves Policy making, the executive task to serve the state and also the Society.  Content:  Duty: - Being AN IAS officer you'll have to be compelled to take care of for disbursement of funds, Taking Charges of the govt. affairs, management Travelling to Sites as an IAS needed.   Career Growth:- At the beginning of the IAS Career, AN IAS officer have to be compelled to be part of as Sub-divisional functionary and appearance for the executive Responsibilities at State Level. The after, District functionary or District Collector wherever  you may be concerned in political views and authenticating for the great will of the state and Country.   Pay scale: - Entry level IAS officer Gets Rs. 56,100 per month. It doesn’t embody extra allowances given to IAS officers.   IAS Officers Perks and Facility: - An IAS Officer Gets Government bungalows, rest homes, Cook, security guards, gardeners, Free Electricity, Free transportation and most significantly Life time pension.  JP Institute Best IAS coaching in Bhopal has created several IAS officers from the Bhopal Madhya Pradesh. Steel oneself for the IAS communication by Residing in Bhopal Your town. Cracking the IAS communication provided by the highest IAS colleges with Years of expertise in teaching the IAS curriculum has created the Journey of IAS Preparation simple. Let’s Introduce the Best IAS coaching in Bhopal. Biography: JP Institute is a No 1 and Best IAS coaching MPPSC, VYAPAM, SSC, MPSI, UPSC, Competitive English, Maths, and General Studies Classes in Bhopal, JP Institute is to provide a mentored learning program that focuses on each individual learning and provides the student with a personalized guidance and mentoring feedback on a regular basis. JP Institute will combine the talent and dedication of the best teachers in India with the latest in technology to provide the best possible learning platform to students for competitive exams.'
